Add natural language linting (#335)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/usage/index.md

*  Shopping cart contents. GraphQL supports both guest and logged-in customer carts.
*  Store configuration values, including theme and CMS settings, the currency code, and supported countries.

> The REST GET endpoints retrieve a wide variety of information on behalf of the merchant. Many of these endpoints are for retrieving back-end information. For example, the `GET /V1/customers/search` endpoint can be used to find a subset of customers that meet certain criteria, such as those that live in a particular state or have a birthday this month. Likewise, the `GET /V1/invoices` endpoint can return all the recently-generated invoices. This type of functionality is not required for the front end, so it is not available in GraphQL queries. The queries are designed to improve the customer's user experience by quickly retrieving the data needed to render pages.

Author: ```suggestion
The REST GET endpoints retrieve a wide variety of information on behalf of the merchant. Many of these endpoints are for retrieving backend information. For example, the `GET /V1/customers/search` endpoint can be used to find a subset of customers that meet certain criteria, such as those that live in a particular state or have a birthday this month. Likewise, the `GET /V1/invoices` endpoint can return all the recently-generated invoices. This type of functionality is not required for the frontend, so it is not available in GraphQL queries. The queries are designed to improve the customer's user experience by quickly retrieving the data needed to render pages.
```
